Create Observability AI Assistant docs (#3058)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/observability-ai-assistant.asciidoc

[[obs-ai-assistant]]
= Observability AI Assistant

preview::[]

> The Observability AI Assistant is a large language model (LLM) integration that helps Elastic Observability users by adding context, explaining errors and messages, and suggesting remediation in the {observability} interface. A connector for OpenAI or Azure OpenAI Service powers the Observability AI Assistant. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Observability AI Assistant is a large language model (LLM) integration that helps Elastic Observability users by adding context, explaining errors and messages, and suggesting remediation in the {observability} interface. The Observability AI Assistant can be connected to either the OpenAI or Microsoft Azure LLM services. 
```

cc @dgieselaar Does this wording make more sense, as we're not using the connector framework?

Reviewer 2: yes, definitely

You can find Observability AI Assistant prompts throughout {observability}:

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/obs-assistant.gif[Observability AI assistant preview, 90%]

[IMPORTANT]
====
Observability AI Assistant is in technical preview, and its capabilities are still developing. Users should leverage it sensibly as the reliability of its responses might vary. Your insights, patience, and feedback help us calibrate this feature for optimal use. Always cross-verify any returned advice for accurate threat detection and response, insights, and query generation.

> Also, the data you provide to the Security Assistant is _not_ anonymized, and is stored and processed by the third-party AI provider. This includes any data used in conversations for analysis or context, such as alert or event data, detection rule configurations, and queries. Therefore, be careful about sharing any confidential or sensitive details while using this feature.

Reviewer 3: Should this say "Security Assistant"?

> Also, the data you provide to the Observability AI assistant is _not_ anonymized, and is stored and processed by the third-party AI provider. This includes any data used in conversations for analysis or context, such as alert or event data, detection rule configurations, and queries. Therefore, be careful about sharing any confidential or sensitive details while using this feature.

Reviewer: Just a comment on this: we also receive data that is submitted in prompts to OpenAI. I am awaiting feedback from @cconboy, who is in turn talking to legal, on what (if any) changes to this wording we need to make. @mdbirnstiehl I'll let you know when I hear anything on this front.m

Author: Sounds good, @SeanHeelan. I think this is the last thing we need unless others want to review. I'll wait on this update to merge.

====

[discrete]
[[obs-ai-requirements]]
= Requirements

You need following to use the Observability AI Assistant:

* {stack} version 8.9 and later.

> * An account with a third-party generative AI provider, which the Observability AI Assistant uses to generate responses. Supported providers are OpenAI (`gpt-4` model) and Azure OpenAI Service (`gpt-4` model).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An account with a third-party generative AI provider, which the Observability AI Assistant uses to generate responses. Supported providers are OpenAI and Azure OpenAI Service. You may use either the `gpt-3.5-turbo` or `gpt-4` models. 
```

[discrete]
[[obs-ai-set-up]]
= Set up the Observability AI Assistant

Complete the following steps to use the Observability AI Assistant:

> . Create an API key with your AI provider to authenticate requests from the Security Assistant. You'll use this in the next step. Refer to the provider's documentation for generating API keys:

Reviewer 3: Same comment about security assistant...is this really what it's called?

+
* https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference[OpenAI]
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/openai/reference[Azure OpenAI Service]

. Update {kib}'s configuration settings to include the Observability AI Assistant feature flag and additional information about your AI set up.
+
.. Navigate to the {kib} configuration settings according to your deployment:
+
** *Self-managed (on-premises) deployments*: Add the configuration to the `kibana.yml` file, which is used to {kibana-ref}/settings.html[configure {kib}].
** *{ecloud} deployments*: Use the YAML editor in the {ecloud} console to add the configuration to {cloud}/ec-manage-kibana-settings.html[{kib} user settings].
+

> .. Add one of the following configurations that corresponds the AI service you're using:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Add one of the following configurations that corresponds to the AI service you're using:
```

+
** *OpenAI*:
+
In the following example, `xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.apiKey` is the API key you generated in the first step.
+
[source,yaml]
----
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.enabled: true
#

> xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.apiKey: xxxx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.apiKey: <insert API key>
```

> #
> xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.apiKey: xxxx
> # 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.apiKey: xxxx
```

> xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.model: gpt-4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.openAI.model: <insert model name, e.g. gpt-4>
```

----
+
** *Azure OpenAI Service*:
+
In the following example, `xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.azureOpenAI.apiKey` is the API key you generated in the first step, and `xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.azureOpenAI.resourceName` is the name of the Azure OpenAI resource used to deploy your model. 
+
[source,yaml]
----
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.enabled: true
#
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.azureOpenAI.deploymentId: gpt-4
# 
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.azureOpenAI.resourceName: xxxx
# 
xpack.observability.aiAssistant.provider.azureOpenAI.apiKey: xxxx
----

. If you're using a self-managed deployment, restart {kib}.

[discrete]
[[obs-ai-interact]]
= Interact with the Observability AI Assistant

You can find Observability AI Assistant prompts throughout {observability} that provide the following information:

> - *Universal Profiling* – explains the most expensive processes and functions in your fleet and provides optimization suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Universal Profiling* – explains the most expensive libraries and functions in your fleet and provides optimization suggestions.
```

- *Application performance monitoring (APM)* – explains APM errors and provides remediation suggestions.

> - *Infrastructure Observability* – explains host process and provides suggestions for optimizing CPU usage.

Reviewer 4: All good @SeanHeelan cheers

- *Logs* – explains log messages and generates search patterns to find similar issues.
- *Alerting* – provides possible log spike causes and remediation suggestions.

> For example, in the logs details, you'll see prompts for *What's this message?* and *How do I find similar log messages*: 

Reviewer 3: Is "logs details" right here? "Log details" sounds better unless there's some precedent for making logs plural.
